TTL: Emphasize ttl_expiration_expression even more (#18721)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.2/row-level-ttl.md

### Add or update the row-level TTL for an existing table

> To add or change the row-level TTL expiration for an existing table, use [`ALTER TABLE`]({% link {{page.version.version}}/alter-table.md %}) as shown below. This example assumes you have an existing [`TIMESTAMPTZ`]({% link {{page.version.version}}/timestamp.md %}) or [`DATE`]({% link {{page.version.version}}/date.md %}) column you can use for the [`ttl_expiration_expression`](#param-ttl-expiration-expression).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add or change the row-level TTL expiration for an existing table, use [`ALTER TABLE`]({% link {{page.version.version}}/alter-table.md %}) as shown in the following example. This example assumes you have an existing [`TIMESTAMPTZ`]({% link {{page.version.version}}/timestamp.md %}) or [`DATE`]({% link {{page.version.version}}/date.md %}) column you can use for the [`ttl_expiration_expression`](#param-ttl-expiration-expression).
```

Author: ✅
